h3. Developers breaking your build too frequently? Make them think twice before pushing their changes, with the

h1. BAMBOO PUNISHER

h3. What?

If a developer commits a change that breaks the build, they will be attacked with a missile.

h3. Parts

* Atlassian Bamboo
* Grey USB Missile Launcher (the unbranded kind).
** (Vendor ID: 0x1130, Product ID: 0x0202)
* Linux machine to monitor the build

h3. Setup

Disclaimer:
This isn't meant to be a one-size-fits-all project.
But if your reading this, you'll know how to tweak it for your CI system and make it work :)

1) Follow the instructions on this page to set up your USB missile launcher on linux:

* http://www.lukecole.name/research_and_projects/personal/usb_missile_launcher/

2) Place your USB Missile launcher somewhere strategic and effective.

3) Clone this git repository.

4) $ mv config/config.yml.example config/config.yml

5) Edit the config file to configure your Bamboo URL, username and password for the RSS feed. 

6) You will also see the following in the config file:

users:
  "User One":
    right: 0
    up:    0
  "User Two":
    right: 0
    up:    0
  "User Three":
    right: 0
    up:    0

The USB Missile launcher is always reset to fully down, and fully left.
So the 'right' and 'up' parameters are how many milliseconds the launcher should rotate
in each respective direction.
You should use 'sudo USBMissileLauncherUtils -R', etc. to work out the right values for this.

Change "User One" to the git name of the developer, as it appears in the Code Changes section of a Bamboo Build Result.

7) Set up your root crontab. I just used the 'whenever' gem to work out the values. 
(Default configuration is to check the failed build RSS every 2 minutes.)

7a) So install the 'whenever' gem.
7b) From the repository root, type $ whenever
7c) Copy the output to your clipboard.
7d) Edit your root crontab by typing $ sudo -i -e crontab
7e) Paste the cron string, and save the file.

You should be all set up, but test it manually first to make sure its working.
